# Banko-Game
The aim of this project, is to make a program in C#, that will print bingo tickets.
Danish Banko tickets are basically the same as UK ones, each has 27 spaces per ticket.

Each ticket is made up of 27 spaces divided into 9 columns by 3 rows.
Each ticket must contain 15 numbers, ranging from 1 to 90 and 12 blank spaces.
Each of the 3 rows, must contain 5 numbers and 4 blank spaces.

Columns are counted from left to right and in each seperate column, numbers
are sorted from top to bottom (rows), in increasing order.
Columns contains atleast one number and a maximum of 3 numbers.

     C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9
    ----------------------------
    |01|04|07|10|13|16|19|22|25| R1
    ----------------------------
    |02|05|08|11|14|17|20|23|26| R2
    ----------------------------
    |03|06|09|12|15|18|21|24|27| R3
    ----------------------------
    C = Column, R = Row



Numbers 1-90 are spread out on columns C1-C9 like this.
C1[1–9], C2[10–19], C3[20–29], C4[30–39], C5[40–49], C6[50–59], C7[60–69], C8[70–79] and C9[80–90]

The layout of the ticket (numbers and blank spaces), can be generated by applying rules on
how numbers or blank spaces are to be placed, per row.

Eg. by applying rules on the number of consecutive blank spaces or numbers per row.
This project will use rules applied on the number of consecutive blank spaces per row.

A list of possible configurations (per row) of numbers and blank spaces(5 numbers and 4 blank spaces),
will be generated by permutations. Valid permutations will be saved in a List of valid rows.

From the list of valid rows, a ticket is to be build with 3 rows, where the rule of atleast 1 number
in each columns is adhered to. Each ticket will be saved in a List of valid tickets.

Having a list of valid rows, makes it easy to give each row an numeric id (here it's just the list index + 1).
Since the size of the list, of valid rows, is quite small, we can use a byte value to identify each row.
The ticket id, can be made by using the 3 row id's, that the ticket is made up from.
The 3 row id's are bitwise Shifted Left and Ored together, to make an unsigned integer that will be the tickets id.

    TicketId = unsigned integer = 4 byte groups = [empty (zeros)] - [row3id] - [row2id] - [row1id]
So ticket id is made by, row1id OR (row2id leftshift 8 times) OR (row3id leftshift 16 times)
From the ticket number, it will be easy to extract the row id's, that the ticket is made up from.

Random numbers on the ticket, have not been placed yet. Only the pattern of numbers and blank spaces on each ticket,
have been created and identified. Depending on how many consecutive blank spaces we allow (1 to 4), the size of
valid tickets will change accordingly.

Current project generated 4 files, in varying sizes, containing tickets with either 1, 2, 3 or 4 consecutive blank fields.

